Xiao Wu
What are you doing here?
It's all about us before the night
You made me lose everything, and you still have the face to come to me.
I'll kill you.
Stay stay stay
Miss Yao is here to help us
It's really bad for you to hit him, isn't it?
Also help me Miss Yao
Tell me why you are here.
I was sucked by the lard before
Then Wan Jiaqi said that he is the eldest young master of the Wan family
I thought I would be rich and prosperous by following him
How do I know what exam period is there?
It's not even a word.
You don't know about the Wanzhang Conference
What breakup party?
Okay, okay, okay.
Stop arguing
Miss Yao, since you have agreed to cooperate with us
You can help us try to catch Wanjia chess
The benefits we will give you then
Enough for you to live the rest of your life in style
Really? What should I do? Come on.